For him, you have to stand in front of me and get hurt
You calm down
Yes, I am impulsive
I've been looking for you all day and night
I just came in and found you and him
How do you want me to calm down?
One day and one night
Are you really looking for me?
Isn't it your childhood sweetheart?
White Moonlight Mutual Complaint
What nonsense are you talking about?
If you hadn't gone to find your white moonlight
I won't be kidnapped
Ma Yun
I'll give you an explanation for this.
You come with me first
What are you going back to do?
Look at you two kissing me
Just made a vow with me not to accept two colors
But find another woman
Hello Shangguan, you are really good
That's not what I meant.
It doesn't matter Shangguan Hao
I don't have to be you
Who else do you have but me?
Is it him?
Just a bandit
Get out of the way and I'll kill him